# TicTacToe

This is a project implementing the Tic Tac Toe game (also known as Noughts and Crosses) in Haskell.

## Challenges Encountered

Some of the main challenges encountered during the project development include:

1. **Adapting to the Functional Paradigm**: Adapting the design and implementation of the game to the functional paradigm was an initial challenge. It requires a mindset shift in how to think about the structure and flow of the program.

2. **Project Structuring**: Ensuring a clean and organized project structure was another significant challenge. Time was spent planning the proper division of modules and managing dependencies between them.

3. **Addressing Warnings**: Identifying and addressing all warnings generated by the Haskell compiler was an iterative process. Careful code review and applying necessary fixes were required.

## Design Decisions

Some key design decisions include:

- **Separation of Concerns**: Each module in the project has a clear and defined responsibility. The `Game.hs` module handles the game logic, `Player.hs` manages player information, `TicTacToe.hs` contains specific Tic Tac Toe logic, and `Util.hs` contains utility functions.

- **Abstraction and Reusability**: Common patterns in the code have been identified and abstracted into reusable functions and data types. This promotes code reuse and facilitates future expansions or modifications of the game.

- **Documentation and Comments**: Detailed documentation in the form of comments has been provided in the code to explain the functionality of functions and modules. This helps quickly understand how each part of the project works.

## Instructions

Make sure you have [GHC (Glasgow Haskell Compiler)](https://www.haskell.org/ghc/) and [Cabal](https://www.haskell.org/cabal/) installed on your system.

1. Clone the repo:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Miguelito2774/TicTacToe.git
```

2. Compile the code, run this command in the root directory:

```bash
cabal build
```

3. Run the test, this command executes Spec.hs:

```bash
cabal test
```
